[Music]
good morning it's 8:20 I woke up at 8
because I went to put it to you last
night
I hadn't finished editing something I
need a video I need to see edited so
that's why I'm like relatively late I've
got one reading I need to do before a
seminar this morning
I didn't have a time to be out and they
wasn't that last week summing up because
I hadn't changed by that point so I need
to get that done but it's not very long
as any four pages it's an essay by
Hemingway but I'm going to read a few
critical essays yeah but first of all
you do yes Mac first
[Music]
so this morning I had an hour-long
lecture and then a two-hour seminar and
then I have two hours before my next
lecture so this particular day I did
decide to get lunch on campus at the
same time I was doing the work which we
had been sat in our seminar so I just
wanted to get this done literally a
center stage the day and you know do
some planning for basically I'm speaking
in a lecture tomorrow about social media
use and using the online space to create
to create a brand and basically how we
can use social media for good from a
business perspective so I'm just gonna
do some work on that that's tomorrow and
Thursday my lectures are very good today
I finished at 5:30 which is very late
it's now 7 o'clock I really didn't do
very much like I literally I'm so so
exhausted I never got an 8:30 for a
morning in a while which is good fun
also I officially have changed degrees I
got the email in my theology lecture to
say that the transfer was official and I
actually can't believe it I'm now
registered as a year one English student
it's kind of feel relieved more than
anything
so when back in my room the first thing
I did was just do this YouTube community
announcement because this is before I
announced my changing course video and I
wanted to explain that I wasn't going to
be daily uploading for this next week
because things as we were very very busy
for me I'd love to do and it's very
hectic and I just didn't really have
time to be uploading daily videos on
YouTube
and then I got on to just doing some
work for the lecture I was speaking in
the next day honestly this is such a
huge honor I still can't believe I was
asked to do it it was such good fun and
I just wrote a plan a bullet-pointed
script which I didn't actually read from
but it was good just to have as a prompt
in case I lost my place
[Music]
so then after that I decided to plan a
morning and night routine this was
because I'd been putting off doing this
until I was officially changed courses
because I wasn't sure what my timetable
was going to look like and after that I
decided to tidy my room a little bit it
was very very messy
[Music]
and then I got started on doing the
variety assessment which I had planned
earlier in between lectures and this was
all about we had to look at a poem and
choose something that matters and write
on that
so this is the following Tuesday not the
next day but a week after I've loved
this day too and neither vlog was really
long enough to upload by itself so I
just decided to merge them together this
is a very strange breakfast this is not
tea this is water at the moment I love
this mug so much I've got a little bit
of cereal with some frozen berries and
some peanut butter and then I've got a
piece of rye toast with avocado I also I
haven't made my bed and this is
intentional because I intend to sit in
bed and read my readings before I leave
I think it'd be really cozy so the first
thing I did this morning was just a
piece of reading this was for criticisms
[Music]
and then I decided to pack my bag and I
was impacted energy barbecues I was
going to be on campus for quite a few
hours I'm sorry that I've been saying
existed with running today it's quite a
busy life today and I do miss her and
actresses and one of thumb as I've said
before it's about once just time one no
- oh my gosh it's - I had a lecture this
morning 10:30 to 11:30 and from 11:30 to
1:30
I had a seminar so now I gone to the
marketplace I've got an orange juice and
I've also got some banana chips I should
get back to my room at like 4:00 334 and
I'll eat lunch then but I wanted to get
a snack I'm staying on campus because
I've got a meeting with one of my
seminar leaders at 3:00 so until then
I'm gonna sit outside to read this
translation of Beowulf so here I was
reading their wolf I'm so sorry for the
angle I didn't realize that you couldn't
see anything of what I was doing
I then actually found a desk to sit down
where I could work whilst I was waiting
for my meeting with my seminar leader
[Music]
when I was back in my room I wrote up a
master to-do list of things I wanted to
do over the next few days because I did
have quite a lot of work and the next
thing I did was actually go to the shops
and it was my friend Katie's birthday
and she asked if I could just pick up
some party food so that's what I did so
I got for Katie they're not you get some
party rings and crests and then these a
bit for me so I got some more Weetabix
because I ran out and then I love love
this bag I got some fruit and vege it's
really annoying it's wrapped in plastic
I'm really trying to use less plastic
but in Sainsbury's they just didn't have
any broccoli which wasn't wrapped in
plastic which is really and really
annoying and I got some kale I got some
bananas and also this Apple so the issue
is I ate so say late today you too like
four so I'm not really hungry
therefore I probably would only have
snacks for dinner so I'm thinking of
maybe having a half of them peanut
butter I didn't actually film any clips
of us in the kitchen with Katie on her
birthday but this is me back in my room
afterwards and I'm just doing some more
work I'm here just doing some extended
reading on Beowulf and I am exhausted as
you can see honestly I am just so tired
[Music]
is my face sad
I've got some free audio credits free
audible credits and so I am just going
to download a book I really want to read
why do we sleep there if I only have
listened to self-help books on audible I
love reading fiction but I like
listening to nonfiction self-help so I'm
just gonna quickly download I think
we've got six credits so I'm going to
donate a few books now so as I said I
just went through and Trey's a few
audiobooks and downloaded these on
Amazon and I don't actually know what
I'm doing here I'm very sorry I think
I'm taking notes I'm a traveler
[Music]
so the next thing I wanted to do is just
write out some recommended readings so
these were ones that they had on the le
page or that they've mentioned in
lectures and I just wrote a list of
these in my village even though no one
can tell I still feel there
I'm
[Music]
plea with shredded
okay it's at 11 o'clock and I made a
sign off the vlog here thank you so much
for watching I hope that you enjoyed and
I hope that you have a productive
[Music]